What city is nicknamed the City of Angels? ---Los Angeles
What city is nicknamed Sin City? ---Las Vegas
What city is nicknamed the Windy City? ---Chicago
What city is nicknamed the Big Apple? ---New York City
What state is nicknamed the Golden State? ---California
What state is nicknamed the Lone Star State? ---Texas
What state is nicknamed Aloha State? ---Hawaii
What color are Mickey Mouse's shorts? ---red
What edible substance do bees make? ---honey
How many innings make up a professional baseball game? ---9
Which country would you visit if you wanted to see the Leaning Tower of Pisa? ---Italy
Which famous monster was created by a doctor? ---Frankenstein
According to myth, what is found at the end of the rainbow? ---pot of gold
If you needed braces, what kind of doctor would you visit? ---orthodontist
Which band produced the hit song "Yellow Submarine"? ---The Beatles
According to the rhyme, who picked a peck of pickled peppers? ---Peter Piper
What body of water separates France and England? ---English Channel
What is the name of the Disney movie about Rapunzel? ---Tangled
What pigment gives leaves their green color and absorbs light that is used in photosynthesis ---chlorophyll
Which of the planets in our solar system is closest to the sun? ---Mercury
What is the collective noun used to describe a group of lions? ---a pride
What is a baby kangaroo called? ---a joey
What is a baby goat called? ---a kid (or billy)
What is a baby lion called? ---a cub
What is the only mammal that can fly? ---the bat
In Lord of the Rings, what is Frodo and Bilbo's last name? ---Baggins
What falling fruit supposedly inspired Sir Isaac Newton to discover the law of gravity? ---apple
Who was the first President of the United States? ---George Washington
How many strings are on a standard guitar? ---6
What type of grass do pandas eat? ---bamboo
What is the world's highest mountain? ---Mt. Everest
What is Superman's weakness? ---Kryptonite
What is the name for the colored part of an eye? ---the iris
What piece on a chess board moves in an L-shape? ---the knight
What are the three primary colors? ---red, yellow, and blue
What is the square root of 144? ---12
What is the square root of 81? ---9
What is 2 cubed, or 2 to the third power? ---8
In which country would you find the Eiffel Tower? ---France
In which country would you find the Great Pyramid of Giza? ---Egypt
What was Cinderella's coach made from? ---a pumpkin
What letter represents 5 in Roman numerals? ---V
What is the world's largest bird ---the ostrich
How many sides does an octagon have? ---8
What is the shortest month of the year? ---February
How many weeks are in a year? ---52
Who is the main character in Diary of a Whimpy Kid? ---Gregory "Greg" Heffley
What is the name of the crab in Disney's "The Little Mermaid"? ---Sebastian
What special toy does Andy receive for his birthday in the original "Toy Story" movie? ---Buzz Lightyear
Who is the main character in The Hunger Games ---Katniss Everdeen
Who wrote the Harry Potter series? ---JK Rowling
What are the four sections in an orchestra? ---string, brass, woodwind, and percussion
What country is the Taj Mahal located in? ---India
If you flew from New York City to London, what ocean would you cross? ---the Atlantic Ocean
Who was the first man to walk on the moon? ---Neil Armstrong, in 1969
In what war did the United States fight itself? ---the Civil War
In what year did the Titanic sink? ---1912
What is the northernmost state in the United States? ---Alaska
What is the largest ocean in the world? ---the Pacific Ocean
Who was the first female pilot to fly solo across the Atlantic Ocean? ---Amelia Earheart
Name the three types of rock. ---igneous, sedimentary, and metamorphic
How many teeth does an adult human usually have? ---32
What does a fire need to keep it going? ---oxygen
If you're a "master of the ivory keys," what instrument do you play? ---the piano
What is Superman's nickname? ---the Man of Steel
what is Batman's nickname? ---the Dark Knight
Who is Peter Parker's secret identity? ---Spider-Man
What superhero owns Stark Industries? ---Iron Man
How many periods are in an ice hockey game? ---3
What is the number for a "Baker's Dozen"? ---13
What is the number of months that have exactly 30 days? ---4
What is the number of holes on a golf course? ---18
What is the number of Great Lakes? ---5
Who was the first African-American Major League baseball player? ---Jackie Robinson
What company's logo is called the "swoosh"? ---Nike
How many gold medals did Michael Phelps win at the 2008 Olympics? ---Eight
On a standard traffic light, is the green on the top or bottom? ---Bottom
In which hand is the Statue of Liberty's torch? ---Right
Which side of a women's blouse are the buttons on? ---Right
Whose face is on a dime? ---Roosevelt
How many sides does a stop sign have? ---8
Sleepy, Happy, Sneezy, Grumpy, Dopey, Doc. Who's missing? ---Bashful
How many hot dog buns are in a standard package? ---6
How many curves are in a standard paper clip? ---3
Who in the US ofﬁcially elects the President and the Vice President? ---Electoral College
What is name of Tony Stark's superhero persona? ---Iron Man
What is the prequel to the Lord of the Rings series? ---The Hobbit
What is the average core body temperature of a human (in degrees Fahrenheit, taken to the tenth digit)? ---98.6 degrees Fahrenheit
What war took place from 1939 to 1945? ---World War II
This city, also among the top 50 in population, lies directly across the bay from San Francisco. ---Oakland
This season 4 winner has country hits of "Undo It," "All-American Girl," and "Before He Cheats." Her 2009 album Play On included "Temporary Home." ---Carrie Underwood
What do you call three consecutive strikes in bowling? ---Turkey
How many periods are there in an ice hockey game? ---Three
In soccer, which player is allowed to use his or her hands in the field of play? ---Goal Keeper
In American football, how many points is a touchdown worth? ---6
What country does the soccer player Wayne Rooney come from? ---England
In which sport was Muhammad Ali the world champion? ---Boxing
How many bases are there on a baseball field? ---4
Crawl, backstroke and butterfly are different methods in which sport? ---Swimming
What term in tenpin bowling describes having knocked all the pins down after your second bowl? ---Spare
Which chess piece can only move diagonally? ---Bishop
Which breakfast cereal is advertised with the slogan "Snap, crackle and pop"? ---Rice Krispies
What sort of animal is the video game character Sonic? ---Hedgehog
Ping-pong is an alternative name for which sport? ---Table Tennis
How many players are there in a baseball team? ---9
What is the name of the championship series that the NBA has to end the playoffs? ---NBA Finals
Baseball players stand in a certain area while they're waiting to play. What is this area called? ---Dugout
Which Disney movie is Princess Aurora the main character? ---Sleeping Beauty
In which Disney movie is there a fish called Flounder? ---The Little Mermaid
In which Disney movie is there a man named Gaston? ---Beauty and the Beast
